(1) There are, on average, 30 ‘abusable’ solvent based products in every house. (BNC A0J)
(2) Diagrams, charts, lists, detailing every damageable inch of the car. (BNC AAV)
(3) Then Chrysler announced in 1953 a slimmer, shorter, more compact and parkable car to meet modern conditions. (BNC ACS)
(4) But her caressable curves and wondering eyes and hushed baby voice dominated the pleasanter fantasies of people all round the world. (BNC ACS)
(5) About 40% of the potentially farmable sea water identified by the White Fish Authority in the whole of the United Kingdom is in the Western Isles. (BNC AL9)
(6) The female, with her heavy investment in producing and raising her babies, is both the spatial and the behavioural focus of the social system while the males compete for ranges that contain mateable females. (BNC AMG)
(7) Clerk of the course Rodger Farrant said: ‘It’s raceable at the moment.’ (BNC CBG)
(8) What learning process — a sort of out-of-school education in life itself — is above all a study in embarrassment; and the embarrassable hero is abundant in comedy and alive outside it, even in the final awesome scene of Golding’s Lord of the Flies. (BNC CKN)
(9) Unlike the Yokosuka MXY7 Ohka (Allied code-name Baka) special attack aircraft, Baika would have required no ‘mother-ship’ for launch, taking-off from land on a jettisonable undercarriage. (BNC CLU)
(10) ‘Marlin, sometimes you re sublime,’ she said, dumping her purchases and racing to change. ‘What about the rest of the time?’ he hollered after her. ‘Sexy? Irresistible? Beddable?’ (BNC CRE)
(11) The paper stump, sandpaper block and kneadable eraser from Faber-Castell’s Pitt drawing materials range also work well with Polychromos Pastels. (BNC E9W)
(12) Kitchens need a wipeable surface to cope with spills and dirt. (BNC EDG)
(13) I would need to check with the erm er computer manager you know which fields are takeable, you know how, I don’t know if you know computer re how computer records are stored but every piece of information like erm the admission figure, the title, the distributor will be a field and I presume if er any information like the time is in a separate field then you would be able to have a report by fields. (BNC F7A)
(14) In British higher education the precision with which goals are stated is usually inversely related to their institutional generality; thus course and grassroots teaching teams usually have clearly articulated goals; faculty goals are often pious but hopelessly vague; institutional goals are rarely stated and are never sufficiently defined to be operationalizable. (BNC GVD)
(15) By the 1950s, designers had turned kitchens into streamlined boxes with aseptic, clinical, easily wipeable finishes. (BNC HGW)
(16) Where you want to bend a short length of pipe, it may be better to use a length of hand-bendable flexible pipe. (BNC HH6)
(17) These first groups of questions I would classify as ‘Directory‘-type queries, and could be answered from updateable directories held at information points — telephonists, E & W Gates. (BNC HJ9)
(18) UNICEF’s 1990 The State of the World’s Children report said that some 40,000 children died every day from malnutrition and preventable illnesses (principally immunizable diseases, dehydration due to diarrhoea, and pneumonia). (BNC HL1)
(19) to have a narratable speech is not in order (BNC HM6)
(20) In the view of language taken here, therefore, potential meaning is seen as an instrument for representing or conceptualizing particular experiences in such a way as to make them sayable. (BNC HXG)
